You have five tasks in total.
The first task is about exclusive ownership.
You have an introduction to the tasks in the upcoming videos.
You can read this in the appropriate documentation,
or you can watch the video leading up to each task here.
The first is about exclusive ownership,
the second is about implementing the rule of five,
the third task is about ownership again.
It's again an exclusive ownership relation here,
where you have to adapt a vector called nodes inside your graph nodes class.
You also have to choose an appropriate type of smart pointer
to achieve the goal which is posted on this task.
Then task number 4 is about moving smart pointers.
A smart pointer could be a sharp pointer,
it could be a unique pointer,
it can be moved around.
So we are copying an instance of a smart pointer which lives on the stack by
smartly redirecting handles to heap allocated objects as we saw it in the course.
The pointer can be moved with minimal cost between different parts of your program.
Again, here you have to use appropriate smart pointers where required to make changes
to the code such that all the data structures and
the function parameters reflect these changes.
But again, you can read up the documentation which we have in the slide set here,
also in the appropriate documentation which you find in your course material.
The last task here is to really move the ChatBot around.
We saw in the short animation leading up to
this video here that the red circle representing the ChatBot
had been moving between the nodes and this moving will actually be implemented here.
So by using move semantics before we
apply the rule of five to the ChatBot clause and the second task,
and now we really have to move the ChatBot between the nodes so
that the ChatBot can draw the appropriate answer from the nodes which is currently,
is that, send it to the user and the graphical user interface.
Yeah, that's basically what you have to do here,
five tasks in total.
In addition to the five tasks as you will see in the course material,
there is a bug hidden in the student version of the project.
This is an intentional bug, it's a small bug,
and it will not hinder you from starting up the program and seeing how it works.
But when you click on the close button of the graphical user interface,
you will note that the program crashes at the end.
This is caused by a memory management problem,
and it's your first task or maybe task zero or the warm-up task.
If you will try to find this bug,
by looking for this bug,
you will also be able to familiarize yourself with the program itself.
So it's an intentional bug,
but of course if you find any other bug,
this might not be intentional,
don't hesitate to reach out to us and tell us about
it so we can fix it in future versions in the [inaudible].